com/elvishew/xlog/printer/PrinterSet.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.PrinterSet
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/thread/ThreadFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.thread.ThreadFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/LogUtils.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.LogUtils
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/naming/DateFileNameGenerator.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.naming.DateFileNameGenerator
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.naming.DateFileNameGenerator$1
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/object/BundleFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.object.BundleFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/FilePrinter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$1
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$Builder
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$Builder$1
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$LogItem
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$Worker
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.FilePrinter$Writer
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/backup/BackupStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.backup.BackupStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/clean/CleanStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.clean.CleanStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/xml/DefaultXmlFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.xml.DefaultXmlFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/ConsolePrinter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.ConsolePrinter
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/border/BorderFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.border.BorderFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/internal/SystemCompat.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.SystemCompat
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/naming/LevelFileNameGenerator.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.naming.LevelFileNameGenerator
com/elvishew/xlog/LogLevel.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.LogLevel
com/elvishew/xlog/flattener/ClassicFlattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.ClassicFlattener
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/backup/FileSizeBackupStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.backup.FileSizeBackupStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/backup/NeverBackupStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.backup.NeverBackupStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/thread/DefaultThreadFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.thread.DefaultThreadFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/Printer.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.Printer
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/throwable/ThrowableFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.throwable.ThrowableFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/border/DefaultBorderFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.border.DefaultBorderFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/flattener/DefaultFlattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.DefaultFlattener
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/FormatException.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.FormatException
com/elvishew/xlog/BuildConfig.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.BuildConfig
com/elvishew/xlog/flattener/Flattener2.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.Flattener2
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/Formatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.Formatter
com/elvishew/xlog/internal/util/ObjectToStringUtil.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.util.ObjectToStringUtil
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/xml/XmlFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.xml.XmlFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/flattener/DefaultLogFlattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.flattener.DefaultLogFlattener
com/elvishew/xlog/flattener/PatternFlattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$DateFiller
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$DateFiller$1
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$LevelFiller
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$MessageFiller
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$ParameterFiller
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.PatternFlattener$TagFiller
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/object/IntentFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.object.IntentFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/XLog.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.XLog
 com.elvishew.xlog.XLog$Log
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/AndroidPrinter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.AndroidPrinter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/clean/FileLastModifiedCleanStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.clean.FileLastModifiedCleanStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/Logger.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.Logger
 com.elvishew.xlog.Logger$Builder
com/elvishew/xlog/interceptor/Interceptor.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.interceptor.Interceptor
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/json/DefaultJsonFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.json.DefaultJsonFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/internal/Platform.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.Platform
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.Platform$Android
com/elvishew/xlog/LogConfiguration.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.LogConfiguration
 com.elvishew.xlog.LogConfiguration$Builder
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/naming/ChangelessFileNameGenerator.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.naming.ChangelessFileNameGenerator
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/flattener/LogFlattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.flattener.LogFlattener
com/elvishew/xlog/flattener/Flattener.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.flattener.Flattener
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.stacktrace.DefaultStackTraceFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/throwable/DefaultThrowableFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.throwable.DefaultThrowableFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/interceptor/AbstractFilterInterceptor.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.interceptor.AbstractFilterInterceptor
com/elvishew/xlog/LogItem.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.LogItem
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/stacktrace/StackTraceFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.stacktrace.StackTraceFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/internal/util/StackTraceUtil.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.util.StackTraceUtil
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/SystemPrinter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.SystemPrinter
com/elvishew/xlog/interceptor/BlacklistTagsFilterInterceptor.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.interceptor.BlacklistTagsFilterInterceptor
com/elvishew/xlog/interceptor/WhitelistTagsFilterInterceptor.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.interceptor.WhitelistTagsFilterInterceptor
com/elvishew/xlog/internal/DefaultsFactory.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.internal.DefaultsFactory
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/naming/FileNameGenerator.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.naming.FileNameGenerator
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/object/ObjectFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.object.ObjectFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/file/clean/NeverCleanStrategy.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.file.clean.NeverCleanStrategy
com/elvishew/xlog/formatter/message/json/JsonFormatter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.formatter.message.json.JsonFormatter
com/elvishew/xlog/printer/RemotePrinter.java
 com.elvishew.xlog.printer.RemotePrinter
